---
templateKey: 'tos-page'
path: /terms-of-service
title: Terms Of Service
---

## TERMS OF SERVICE

Last Updated: March 29, 2018
Please carefully review these Terms of Service (collectively, these “Terms of Service” and, sometimes, this “Agreement”), which are provided and updated from time to time by Fair Housing Advocates, Inc. (“FHA,” “us,” “we” and the like) for you the Client (“Client”, “You”, “Your”, and the like). FHA and you, the Client, may also be referred to in this Agreement individually as “Party” and collectively as “Parties”. Your subscription to any of our Services (as defined below) is governed by these Terms of Service, as indicated in your Order Form.
We offer a diverse array of business consulting services, including without limitation the Property Pro for Rental Communities, Property Pro for Homeowner Associations, Fair Housing A La Carte Services, all as defined more particularly below and in your Order Form (collectively, the “Services”). In light of the fact that we provide our Services in a rapidly and constantly evolving market, we must and hereby do reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to update and change any or all of these Terms of Service, subject to certain specific terms and conditions set forth in your Order Form (e.g., your contractual term, pricing, etc.). If any revision we make constitutes a material change to the Agreement, we will notify you; provided, however, that what constitutes a “material change” will be determined by FHA in its sole and absolute discretion, which we shall exercise in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment. When we change these Terms of Service, whether materially or otherwise, we will modify the "Last Updated" date above. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the most current version of the Terms of Service, which are available at www.fairhousingact.com/terms. Your continued use of any of the Services after any changes have been made to the Terms of Service shall constitute your consent to be bound by such changes. If you object to any of these Terms of Service, or any changes hereto, whether material or otherwise, your sole and exclusive remedy shall be to terminate your subscription to the Services according to the terms herein.

1.  Services. We offer the following Services as a means to further our Mission and Purpose. To subscribe to a Service, you must execute an Order Form and/or complete the online sign-up for that Service. You are only entitled to the Services for which you have subscribed and paid, and your use of the Services is subject to your compliance with all applicable Terms of Service. You acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right to modify the Services (or any part thereof) from time to time and that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification of the Services.
    1.1 Fair Housing Property Pro: We offer a suite of services for homeowner associations (HOAs), condominiums, apartment communities, mobile home parks, etc. to help protect fair housing rights. The suite of services includes our annual “onboarding services” made up of a) Rules, Regulations, and Policies Review, b) Applicant and Resident Forms Review c) Reasonable Accommodations & Modifications Process Review and d) Posted Rules Review, and our ongoing “core services” made up of e) Specialized Fair Housing Training, f) Fair Housing Property Testing, g) ESA Letter Analysis, h) Real-Time Fair Housing Consultation, i) Online Footprint Review, j) New Hire Staff Education Webinar and k) Weekly Fair Housing Q&A Call.
    1.2 Fair Housing A La Carte Services: Each of the services listed above in Section 1.1 can be provided on an one-off basis (A La Carte) if needed. Information on each is provided on the website and Order Form.
2.  Expanding the Services. You may subscribe to additional Services, including any new value-added services made available by FHA from time to time, or increase your existing subscription by executing an additional Order Form or completing an additional online sign-up flow. Each new sign-up or Order Form will include the price and billing date(s) of the Services being added at that time. All new Services are subject to these Terms of Service, as amended from time to time.
3.  Term and Termination.
    3.1 Term. The term of the Services varies depending on the Service(s) to which you have subscribed and shall be set forth on the Order Form or agreed to in the online sign-up you complete, and shall renew as follows:
    3.1.1 Fair Housing Property Pro. Your subscription to the Fair Housing Property Pro suite of services shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms unless we discontinue the Service or you provide us with written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. WRITTEN NOTICE OF NON-RENEWAL BY YOU MUST BE SUBMITTED TO either info@fairhousingact.org or Fair Housing Advocates, Inc., 6401 Eldorado Parkway, Suite 303, McKinney, TX 75070
    3.2 Termination. Either party may terminate any subscription to Services (i) if the other party breaches any of its obligations under these Terms of Service and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice from the non-breaching party or (ii) if the other party becomes insolvent or bankrupt, liquidated or is dissolved, or ceases substantially all of its business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, FHA may terminate the Agreement immediately in the event of your material breach, as determined by FHA in its sole discretion, of these Terms of Service. Upon a termination of the Agreement, you will immediately discontinue all use of the Services, cease to represent in any form that you are a user of the Services, and destroy all our Confidential Information (as defined below in Section 9) in your possession. Neither party shall be liable for any damages resulting from a VALID termination of any subscription(s) to Services as provided for herein; provided, however, that termination shall not affect any claim arising prior thereto.
    3.4 Termination For Convenience; Early Termination Fee. You may terminate your subscription to the Property Pro Services for convenience at any time by providing thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to FHA; provided, however, that if you terminate your subscription prior to the end of its term under this Section 6.4, then you shall pay to FHA an early termination fee equal to ninety (90) days of the Service Fees (as defined below) payable for the remaining period of your subscription, calculated on a pro rata basis (the "Early Termination Fee"). In addition to the foregoing, you shall not be entitled to a refund of any pre-paid amounts under any circumstances.
4.  Fees.
    4.1 Service Fees. You shall pay the non-refundable fees for the Services in the amount set forth in the online sign-up or Order Form (the "Service Fees") and according to the billing frequency stated therein. Service Fees shall be due and payable on the date of the invoice. Service Fees may be increased from time to time, and any increase during the term of your subscription would become applicable to you at the time of renewal of your subscription to the Services. Service Fees are non-refundable even if you terminate your subscription early.
    4.2 Additional Fees. You may incur other non-refundable fees or charges for your use of the Services, including certain value-added services, in addition to those fees set forth in the Order Form and/or online sign-up flow. The additional non-refundable fees and charges are set forth in the additional terms and conditions for the applicable Service.
    4.3 Late Payments. You acknowledge that your failure to pay any fees or charges set forth in Sections 7.1 or 7.2 above when due may result in suspension or termination of your FHA Services subscription(s). If you fail to pay any of the fees or charges due hereunder, FHA reserves the right to, among other things, engage an attorney or a collections agency to collect the outstanding fees and charges. You shall pay all fees and costs incurred by FHA in connection with the collection of such past due amounts by any appropriate means, including without limitation any and all court and related costs, reasonable attorneys’ and/or collections agencies’ fees.
5.  Representations and Warranties.
    5.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other that (i) it has all necessary authority to enter into and perform its obligations under these Terms of Service without the consent of any third party or breach of any contract or agreement with any third party, (ii) all persons performing any obligations hereunder have entered into all necessary agreements in order for them to comply with these Terms of Service, and (iii) it shall comply in all material respects with all laws applicable to the Services and/or the use thereof.
    5.2 Additional Representations and Warranties. You warrant, represent and covenant to us that you will use the Services only for lawful purposes in accordance with these Terms of Service
    5.3 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USE OF TRADE, AS TO ANY MATTER, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS TRAINING AND CONSULTING" BASIS AND YOUR USE OF SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS RELATED TO PROPERTY MANAGEMENT. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE AGREEMENT.
    WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL SATISFY OR ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LEGAL OBLIGATIONS OR LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS. THIS DISCLAIMER APPLIES TO BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO ANY FEDERAL OR STATE STATUTES OR REGULATIONS THAT MAY BE APPLICABLE TO YOU. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.
    IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICES.
6.  Confidential Information. The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Party possesses certain confidential and/or proprietary information that constitutes a valuable, special, and unique asset to the Party. The term “Confidential Information” as used herein shall mean any information or material that is proprietary to a Party or designated as “confidential” by a Party or with a similar designation and not generally known to the public. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall include any and all confidential and/or proprietary information and/or materials belonging to, used by, and/or in the possession a Party relating to its products, processes, services, technology, inventions, patents, ideas, contracts, financial information, developments, business strategies, pricing, current and prospective customers, lists of buyers and lists of bidders (and information about such buyers and bidders), marketing plans, and trade secrets of every kind and nature. Confidential Information shall not include information that was already within the public domain at the time the information is acquired by a Party or information that subsequently becomes public through no act and/or omission of a Party. The Parties agree to keep confidential any and all Confidential Information of a Party and agree not to use the Confidential Information of a Party for any unauthorized or unlawful purpose other than in accordance with this Agreement. A Party shall not disclose, sell, copy, publish, exchange, or otherwise provide to others any Confidential Information of the other Party, unless necessary and/or required in the course of performance under this Agreement and/or unless authorized and/or required by law, subject to prior written notice to the other Party. Each Party agrees to take reasonable, necessary, and appropriate precautions for the protection and safeguarding of any and all Confidential Information of the other Party in the Party’s possession and/or custody during the course of this Agreement and thereafter. The Parties acknowledge and agree that any and all Confidential Information of a Party is and shall continue to be the exclusive property of the Party, whether or not prepared in whole or in part by a Party and/or whether or not disclosed to and/or entrusted to a Party’s possession and/or custody. Provided that each Party may retain archival copies of such Confidential Information for legal purposes, either upon written request of a Party or upon the termination of this Agreement, a Party shall immediately return to the other Party or destroy all of the other Party’s Confidential Information in its possession and/or custody, which shall include, but not be limited to, information, documents, records, data, writings, specifications, designs, software, media, devices, and any and all other materials containing and/or including any Confidential Information of a Party, in the time frame and manner specifically requested by the Party. This Section 9 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.
7.  Indemnification. Each Party shall indemnify, defend and hold the other Party, its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns (the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, losses, judgments, damages, obligations, liabilities, costs and/or expenses of any kind and/or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs and other legal expenses) incurred by the Indemnified Parties arising out of, related to, or in connection with, any breach by a Party of any term or provision of this Agreement and/or any SOW, any negligent act or omission of a Party, and/or any tortious conduct committed by a Party.
8.  Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF SECTION 6, TO THE MAXIUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT EXCEED THE SUM OF THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY DURING THE ONE YEAR PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEEDING THE DATE THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.
    EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF SECTION 5.3 OR 12, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO, ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, AND/OR THE PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE BY EITHER PARTY OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
    BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, IN WHICH CASE OUR LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
9.  Miscellaneous.
    9.1 Independent Parties. You and FHA are independent contractors. These Terms of Service does not create any joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between the parties. You shall be solely responsible for managing your employees and for any and all compensation, taxes, benefits and liabilities to your employees and any of your other representatives or service providers. Neither you nor any of your employees, representatives, or service providers shall make any representations, warranties or guarantees with respect to us, these Terms of Service or the Services other than as expressly authorized by us in writing.
    9.2 Assignment. Neither the Services nor any of your rights or obligations under these Terms of Service may be assigned or transferred, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may freely assign our rights and/or obligation hereunder without your consent. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Service shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.
    9.3 Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible for any delay, interruption or other failure to perform under the Agreement due to acts beyond the control of the responsible party, but only for so long as such conditions persist. Force majeure events include, but are not limited to: natural disasters (e.g. lightning, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods); wars, riots, terrorist activities, and civil commotions; a local exchange carrier's activities, and other acts of third parties; explosions and fires; embargoes, strikes, and labor disputes; governmental decrees; failures of telecommunications providers or internet service providers; failures of third party suppliers, service providers or vendors; and any other cause beyond the reasonable control of a party, provided that the Party whose performance is affected by any such event gives the other Party written notice thereof within five (5) days of such event or occurrence or as soon thereafter as is reasonably possible.
    9.4 Choice of Law. This Agreement, including the validity, enforceability, and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to any conflict of law principles. This Contract is performable and enforceable in Collin County, Texas, where the principal place of business of FHA is located, and shall be the sole and exclusive venue for any litigation, special proceeding, or other proceeding as between the Parties that may be brought, or arise out of, in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement.
    9.5 E-mail and Notices. You further agree that we may provide any and all notices, statements and other communications to you through either e-mail, mail, express delivery service, or delivered by a recognized commercial carrier addressed to the address last designated on the Order Form. You are responsible for providing us with any updated contact information.
    9.6 No Waiver. Cumulative Remedies. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under these Terms of Service shall constitute a waiver of that right. Other than as expressly stated herein, the remedies provided herein are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any other remedies of a party at law or in equity.
    9.7 Reservation of Rights. No other rights are granted except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Service, and nothing herein conveys any rights or ownership in, or to, the Services or any underlying software or intellectual property. We own all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, and any and all updates, upgrades, modifications, enhancements, improvements or derivative works thereof, and in any idea, know-how, and/or program(s) developed by us or our licensees during the course of performance of the Services.
    9.8 Severability. If any of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect.
    9.9 Amendments. No change, modification, amendment, or other alteration of this Agreement shall be effective unless mutually agreed upon in writing and executed by the Parties hereto.
    9.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding relating to the subject matter hereof between the Parties hereto and supersedes and cancels any prior or contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, commitments, representations, and/or warranties, whether oral or written, concerning the subject matter hereof. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in these Terms of Service, any applicable additional terms and conditions, and any Order Form, the terms of such Order Form or additional terms of service shall prevail, to the extent of such conflict. No terms or conditions stated in your purchase order or in any other of your order documentation shall be incorporated into or form any part of these Terms of Service, and all such terms or conditions shall be null and void.
